Garrett Beasley: 2018 I've just kind of fell apart was my kids and
Garrett Beasley: Then at home mom and dad again.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Garrett Beasley: Trying to get all the legal stuff my kids back so I can resume my life.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right, so. Hey, Garrett. I'm, I'm sorry, but I just realized that that
Steve Holtsford: I had paused the recording of this. So I'm just going to kind of just for the for the transcriptionist just sort of recap what we've talked about is that ok
Steve Holtsford: OK, I could, I couldn't fuck this up anymore. If I try it.
Steve Holtsford: Alright, so this is this is Garrett Beasley
Steve Holtsford: He has a history of methamphetamines use for the last three years. He lives in Marion, Illinois. He's 40 years old.
Steve Holtsford: He has no past medical history past surgical history is just tonsillectomy as a child, no allergies does not take any medication social history. He smokes and bought a pack a day does not drink alcohol does not use marijuana
Steve Holtsford: Has not used opioids in three to four years was on Suboxone until about a year ago, but now he's he's not on Suboxone He's awful opioids and has not
Steve Holtsford: Returned to use
Steve Holtsford: In terms of his methamphetamine use he would use between a quarter and a half a gram smoking snort no injection
Steve Holtsford: He has no
Steve Holtsford: Primary care.
Steve Holtsford: Doctor
Steve Holtsford: All right, Gary. Sorry about this.
Steve Holtsford: You're just a thought was kind of messing with this whole thing. I'm like, Oh, why am I recording. I'm just sitting here. So I paused recording and forgot
Steve Holtsford: So tell me what what substance use disorder, besides the Suboxone. Have you had any like inpatient treatment.
Steve Holtsford: And then in terms of outpatient has it just been
Steve Holtsford: The Suboxone in St. Louis, or have you had done anything else.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Was there any. Was there any counseling as part of that.
Garrett Beasley: No, there wasn't
Garrett Beasley: But I did see account for personal cancer so
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay. And that was one on one.
Steve Holtsford: Counselor. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. And, and that was just
Steve Holtsford: That was as part of the opioid treatment or have you seen them in these last
Steve Holtsford: Since you've been
Garrett Beasley: No, I haven't seen recently.
Garrett Beasley: That was just his time in my life and I talked to them like
Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay. Good for you. Good for you. All right, I'm
Steve Holtsford: Trying to get get back up to the to the substance use any Ben's those at all.
Garrett Beasley: No.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
Steve Holtsford: So, Garrett. The the
Steve Holtsford: The unfortunate reality of methamphetamine.
Steve Holtsford: People with with stimulant use disorder and methamphetamine and cocaine and so forth is there's not really a good medication, per se.
Steve Holtsford: So you know Suboxone works and it seems like it worked for you and everything is going good in terms of opioids, but the the treatment of methamphetamine is is
Steve Holtsford: You know it's it's not medication based basically. So what this is what really this is going to come down to is is really
Steve Holtsford: Counseling and engagement and
Steve Holtsford: Things that you've that you've probably sort of learned
Steve Holtsford: Through the through your prior experience. But really, you know, kind of implementing so
Steve Holtsford: And and bright heart we have wonderful counselors that can kind of
Steve Holtsford: Take that on and and you can be part of their, their groups, but in terms of me. I'm the sort of the medical piece.
Steve Holtsford: There's, there's not like a medication for you probably know this for a mess. You know, so
Steve Holtsford: But, but I will say that that that bright heart is is going to be here for you and we'll get you plugged in. And it's, you don't have to leave your house and I think there's a lot of good
Steve Holtsford: Positives about it.
Steve Holtsford: Is this
Steve Holtsford: Have you had an appointment with a counselor at bright heart yet or
Steve Holtsford: No, just you just sort of did the
Steve Holtsford: The paper intake. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: The intake stuff. Okay. Okay. All right.
Steve Holtsford: And you don't have a history of anxiety or depression or
Garrett Beasley: Depressed now. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. But you don't have any thoughts of hurting yourself or others are
Steve Holtsford: All right. And how many kids do you have care so
Garrett Beasley: Three. Well, actually, to legal and one not legal. Okay.
Help
Steve Holtsford: How old are they
Garrett Beasley: 2011 and seven. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: boys, girls.
Garrett Beasley: Two Boys and a girl.
Garrett Beasley: The girl doing your old. She's the one, it's not actually mine but
Steve Holtsford: OK. OK.
Garrett Beasley: She was six months old, so
Steve Holtsford: All right, and then
Steve Holtsford: Where's. Where's your wife. Now, you guys are living apart now.
Garrett Beasley: Yeah, I don't have a clue. Or stuff like she's bouncing from from
Garrett Beasley: Trap.
Steve Holtsford: To trap house, you know, all I see she
Steve Holtsford: Is wrapped up in it.
Garrett Beasley: Yeah, she kept to the apartment. When we split up or whatever and
Garrett Beasley: Really bad. That's what her parents called
Garrett Beasley: The child famous services on her a bunch of times.
Garrett Beasley: They took the kids from her, but then they didn't give them to me because of my legal problems.
Garrett Beasley: I say when that happened, I got pretty bad for you know six months or so.
Garrett Beasley: And then just everything's falling apart. Even worse, so you know lately I've been a lot better.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay. Oh.
Garrett Beasley: Every day.
Garrett Beasley: After I mean think about 10 days so
Steve Holtsford: You haven't done any math in 10 days. Okay. Good for you. Good for you.
Steve Holtsford: And did you grow up in Marion your
Garrett Beasley: Whole life lived here.
Steve Holtsford: went to high school there. Okay. All right.
Steve Holtsford: How about do you have
Steve Holtsford: How about your parents are they in Marion still
Garrett Beasley: You during this House.
Steve Holtsford: You're living with them. Okay. Right, right, right, right.
Garrett Beasley: So,
Steve Holtsford: Okay and and how is your relationship with your folks.
Garrett Beasley: It's good.
Garrett Beasley: Good girl doesn't believe in me. But, uh,
Garrett Beasley: They're i mean they're they're helped me through
Steve Holtsford: I was just gonna say it, but they they've got to be happy. Now that you're that you're getting treatment and. All right. All right.
Steve Holtsford: All right, well,
Steve Holtsford: You know, I'm not sure who exactly your, your therapist is going to be
Steve Holtsford: And so the whole concept of bright heart health is kind of new in Illinois. So, I must admit that I'm just sort of getting used to it. Obviously, how you saw my problems with zoom
Steve Holtsford: But so it's it's only been active for a few weeks, but it's but from my experience it's it's really very good. I mean,
Steve Holtsford: You know you and I are are 300 miles apart. But we're having what I what I feel like is a very normal kind of conversation. So it really does and and you're in your bedroom. So it really, I think this is really kind of the future.
Steve Holtsford: For for substance use disorder and counseling for for patients that are that are in an area like Marianne and and you know most of central Illinois where it's kind of difficult to get those services, you know,
Steve Holtsford: So,
Garrett Beasley: Yeah, the like to rehab silly. I mean, I don't believe I need impatient stuff.
Garrett Beasley: Yeah. A lot of people, other people do either. But, um,
Garrett Beasley: I mean the waitlist is unreal for bed right here.
Garrett Beasley: Yeah, so I mean people are waiting a year and stuff like that didn't get a bit so
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, and I agree with you i don't think i don't think impatient really helps a lot of people
Garrett Beasley: Are going to be right back to it. So they
Steve Holtsford: go right back to it and and eventually you know after 30 days you're going to have, you're going to be in that same neighborhood with those same thing. So, you know, unless it's a real your, your, your life is in danger, and there's there's not a
Steve Holtsford: safe place for you to be. I just don't think that inpatient
Steve Holtsford: Really
Steve Holtsford: offers much, you know, and I think that's kind of a that's kind of going throughout the whole
Steve Holtsford: Industry of substance use disorder. I think you know inpatient beds just aren't aren't needed like they they used to, we know for a fact.
Steve Holtsford: That for most substance use disorder 30 days in a hospital bed doesn't do much. You know, you know, for some for some people, you know, maybe a week might might do something but
Steve Holtsford: But most of this work is probably best done
Steve Holtsford: At home, you know, and certainly not
Steve Holtsford: You know, flying to Florida or Malibu for that for that kind of, you know, spending $30,000 for something that sends you right back you know that
Steve Holtsford: That's all, that's all thinking, thinking, so
Steve Holtsford: All right, well I have enjoyed this. And again, I think, I think my role in your recovery is going to be small.
Steve Holtsford: Because it's not opioids, it's it's it's math, but
Steve Holtsford: Just know that I'm that if you have any questions.
Steve Holtsford: Medical or otherwise I'm here for you.
Steve Holtsford: Alright okay alright makes money.
Garrett Beasley: Most of us have to me so
Garrett Beasley: You're just
Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, exactly. Most of it's up to you. You're absolutely right. Have a friend of mine is a good counselor and he goes, he goes, it's an inside job. It's an inside job and it is it's an inside job. And then, but we just have to we have to
Steve Holtsford: You know, it helps to have support and and
Steve Holtsford: You know, we want to be that support for you.
Steve Holtsford: Appreciate. Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, care. Have a good day.
Garrett Beasley: You do. Right.